welcome and be chords you know
where are you not in the mania aps where
every monday wednesday and friday we do
a selection of the best
applications of the moment for
mobile devices so guys already
you know how to put yourself as two decades
I like that we started
many times we see ourselves in the obligation
to have several applications almost by
obligation not by imposition because
we need twitter facebook to
find out what's going on, no guys
I'm going to recommend an application that is
a multi a meta application is called
my home string and the truth is that in
she as you see here by way of
mini-applications this we can also
order to make different
compositions in this way not and
see here we can install a series
of micro applications for example
we can put an RSS feed to follow the
blog that we want we can put
a calendar the music application
notice that we can put the feed of
facebook twitter or even the one
instagram something that is quite useful
because from here we could see from a
look then hey all our feed of
instagram or if we adjustments and
We can choose for example our feed
the popular photographs the
photographs that are near us
is an application one as I say a goal
application to integrate all networks
socially because they continue our
pictures of the reel we will not see
a little bit the possibilities to be fixed that
We have all this more or less what
you have seen above we can add
youtube and much more guys a goal
and maybe if you do not want so many
applications that you can have everything in
one can with you there are many
applications of calendars and the certain
is that the native application of ios already
it works well but we have alternatives
that give us a plus or good interface or
good aesthetics or productivity
is providing small doses of each
of these boys fields is called peak
calendar is an application with which
we will be able to see the calendar
our events making use there
for the right we will be able to choose the
calendars with which we want
work to fix that I have good
all of these we can remove and put the
calendars that we want and
then the calendar works in a
pretty curious way to see that
we play and in this way they leave
so good at the end
the appointments in the events sorry that
we have for appointments clear that
we have at the end then in the
calendar because you are not very well
because we also click where
we want in the day we want and from
this cool way we are going to be able to
put an hour for the event we are going to
to be able to say it hey, look at the one
this this
that will last all day or will it last
well I know that one hour two hours what
you tell him you can not tell him
when you want it is an alarm
where the event is going to happen and good
note that here we have all these
typical calendar options at
final not an application that really
It looks very cool and it's free for
limited time if you want to try it I think
that is quite worth it guys but
especially if you are fans of the mythical
arkanoid I have to tell you that it arrives
a very popular application but in its
second version is called a node and
surely you will already know her because it is
a video game because of this style
arkanoid but very addictive this time
we have new functions so that the
game is much more addictive you know
we have the bar below that we're going
moving so that the ball that is
colliding with objects
do not fall down because then
we would lose we are throwing little things that
we have to try to collect and
above all I think it's one of the
news I'm a girlfriend 1 I think not
we had to notice that the part of
down to the right we have as a
indicator that is completing not
notice that more or less we already have it
completed and when we play
we create as a force that attracts the
ball
at that point and in that way then the
ball is going to hit is subject to this
way those overwhelming phases of the
arcane today not when we were at the end
we said we only have one square left
and oysters that is that I do not give
Well, calmly with this you go
to be able to go directly to the area where
you want to do a little bit
maybe more efficient guys a mark
today of all the life but with functions
I think quite addictive a new
video game that just landed on ios
Good guys guys, I hope you have
liked this tour you know that you can
support them with your likes and that we
we see of course in a next video and
elisa naco de puntocom chao